okay live through the the financial
crisis you've also lived inside this
administration there are now so many
different bailout packages on the table
how do you see these things playing out
right now so Andrew look I think it's
important that we put this in
perspective you know we've got a public
health crisis and the policy of
Washington at this point is to focus on
the economy and the economic recovery so
when I think Washington is talking about
throwing money at the situation which is
the complete right answer and probably
the only answer I think they're looking
at and this is what they're trying to
get right is they're looking at trying
to keep people employed and how do we
get people employed once this crisis is
over and how do we keep businesses
intact
so when the crisis is over the workers
will have a job to go back to the if
people are talking about you know
different forms of recovery which brings
back some sort of haunting memories to
me whether it's you or V or L you know
part of that equation is going to be do
people actually have jobs to go back to
to the industries or businesses that
they were working to prior to this
crisis do they actually still exist and
I think Washington is very very
cognizant of that and try to make sure
that those industries those jobs exist
in what I'm mostly talking about is you
know half of the Americans that work in
small businesses whether they work in
you know restaurants or bars or movie
theaters or they drive an uber or they
drive a lift we have to make sure that
once we're clear to go back to work that
they have businesses to go back to well
Gary I think one of the things that
people are are looking at though is on
one side it appears that we're going to
ultimately bail out maybe in an
idiosyncratic I'm not going to say
indiscriminate way but they're gonna be
winners and losers chosen among big
companies I'm talking about Airlines and
the like and so many other companies
that are going to Washington asking for
money right now and then on the other
end we're hearing literally I've been
talking about it all morning I was on
the phone with so many CEOs yesterday
who were literally in the process of
laying off employees in the moment and
so the question is how we're going to
get those employees
back to work are they going to be
employed retro actively how does that
even happen and will there be enough
demand on the other side if and when we
get there and of course we will get
there of course the questions more when
how you make that all work and how you
actually get the economy back up and
running yeah look at you I agree that
we're going to get there it's just a
matter of when and what I hope
Washington is avoiding and I think they
are and I think that's why they've spent
so much time on this Phase three and
they've broken it into buckets is they
have to avoid the squeaky wheel syndrome
they have to avoid the companies that
are big enough and strong enough to go
lobby the White House and Congress to
get their bailout package because those
companies maybe only employ you know ten
twenty thirty forty thousand people
where you look at half the economy be
employed by very small businesses you
know a guy that owns a pizza shop or two
or a coffee shop or two or an uber
driver they are the ones that really are
the backbone of the economy the big
businesses you know in many respects
they're in better positions to keep
their employees on keep their employees
intact and make sure there's a job but
there's a political social question
we're talking with Ray Dalio about which
is to say that after the financial
crisis you lived it you know it and what
happened to the sort of the the the
perception of the banking industry as a
result of that which is to say people
are gonna say if we're gonna bail these
guys out we want something for it they
have either been irresponsible or did
buybacks or this or that with their
money and didn't have an insurance fund
for this time and then we're gonna get
into a question about nationalizing
these things how should how do you think
that this should go I think we've got to
talk about the workers first you know
there'll be plenty of time to discuss
those political issues but right now
we're talking about an environment where
we saw you know initial job claims go up
by 70,000 last week we're talking about
an environment where the Treasury
secretary said potentially 20,000
employment do you prevent do you believe
that I mean that's that's part of the
Bill Ackman we're going you know he'll
is coming kind of thought process look I
leave that we are going to have massive
unemployment very very quickly and I
hope that all of our predictions are
wrong but you cannot work today
even if you want to go out and work
you're not allowed to work if you're if
you're an uber driver and you're out
there trying to pick up fares
there's no fare to pick up so you're
literally trying to work so in essence
you're de facto unemployed not because
you want to be unemployed you're
unemployed because there's no revenue
opportunity for you if you've got a
restaurant that can't really operate in
the delivery or pickup service you know
you're your de facto being forced in
unemployment you're in the movie theater
business think of all the service
industries that we just think are part
of our normal everyday life I always
remind people you know we're an 80%
service economy think of what your
favorite city looked like 30 years ago
and think of the the retail stores that
occupied today those retail stores are
service stores they're not good stores
our economy is based on unbind services
hey Gary let me let me ask you just in
terms of how this is going out the idea
of a check to every American I realized
that this is happening very quickly we
need to get relief out there very
quickly but do you want to say something
like that are you want something much
more targeted to to help the people who
are most impacted look Becky we'd love
to be more targeted I would love to see
more targeted to people that are unable
to work and don't have the financial
means that that would be the right
answer
I just don't know if we have enough time
to go through with the you know the the
proper detail and get it to the right
people so if we're going to err on
giving it to too many people or too few
people I'd rather give money to too many
people at this point and make sure that
we at least keep people in a position
where they can feed their families and
they can be in a position to help us
recover the economy some of your very
specific ideas are making sure that
landlords give you no rent relief to the
small businesses that are in them and
that they get three months back that
the other people make sure that that
happens even for mortgage payments for
people and for rent payments for
individuals as well you think that's
likely to get done well it's gonna get
done so landlords are gonna be in in no
position with Courts closed it's gonna
be impossible to evict or foreclose upon
people so attendants are basically going
to be able to stay in their premise what
I was trying to do is I was trying to
get people the ability to take that loss
on their 2019 taxes which have yet to be
filed
we're just stimulus to the economy so
instead of waiting till a year from now
to you file your tax returns and take
that that business loss take the loss in
2019 and when you file your return you
would get a bigger refund again it's
gonna cost money but it puts money back
in the pockets of smaller landlords you
know we all think about the big
landlords think about the small landlord
think about the person that owns a
retail shop on the first floor and lives
on the second floor and they really use
the income to live off of you know that
person is losing their income so give
them the ability to file that lost
income on their 2019 taxes so they can
support themselves Gary very quickly
these are a lot of great ideas I wish
you were still in administration doing
some of these things have you talked to
anybody there so look I want to be as
helpful as I can and I'm in touch with
some of my former colleagues in the
White House and it continue to be
helpful and I continue to reach out
you